# Project Milestone 4: Implementation

This project milestone will focus on the implementation of your system.

### Implementation (6%)

You must provide an implementation of this project. For the purpose of this milestone, you just need to submit a repository with code in it submitted by each team member. The code may or may not be functional or compile (actually, it should not work properly for the following milestone), and should consist of functions/methods relevant to your project and provide an idea of a potential implementation based on the design in PM3. For grading we will check that: a) code is present for core functionality; b) all team members are contributing to the repository (i.e., commits, creating/closing issues and PRs, documentation, etc.); and c) ensure your ability to contribute code to a team repository with appropriate version control practices (i.e., commits, pull requests, etc.). You will not be penalized for using LLMs or generative AI tools.

* **If you use AI**, you are expected to implement multiple functions for your system. You will be expected to visually represent (i.e., demo) the functionality during the final demo. You must also adhere to the course AI policy. That is, clearly labeling which segments of code are generated by AI (i.e., provide a log, add comments denoting AI usage and providing prompts, etc.). In addition, you must include an IMPLEMENTATION.md file that explains what feature you implemented, an explanation of what the generated code does and if it does what you were expecting, and what AI tool(s) was(were) used, how, and why. Also describe if any modifications were necessary to the prompts or code to get the submitted output.

* **If you do not use AI**, you are expected to implement at least one functionality (i.e., one class) for your system. You will not be required to demo in the final presentation, but will need to explain what was implemented. In addition, you must include an IMPLEMENTATION.md file that explains what you implemented, how you implemented it (i.e., pair programming, etc. if applicable), and how it relates to your overall system design. All team members must submit to the repository. If you submit work for this option but did use AI, it will be treated as an honor code violation.

### Black Box Test Plan (6%)

A test plan is a detailed document that outlines test cases for a given software system. Black box test plans are documents that use plain language for stakeholders to follow to verify the program. For this milestone, you must create a black box test plan with at least **ten** unique black box test cases with the required test case information (see a template in the Lecture Slides). Your test cases should also relate to the acceptance criteria of your project requirements (PM2) and design constraints (PM3).

* If you are not implementing your project, you may leave the Actual Results column blank (but it must be present in the plan to receive full credit). 
* If you are implementing your project, you may include the actual results if the test case is implemented or still keep the column blank.

### Process Deliverable IV (3%)

The submission for this deliverable will depend on the specific SE process model your team plans to use to complete the group project. For your selected SE process, **you must include a retrospective, sprint review of the previous milestone, and sprint planning for the next milestone**. Example submissions include:

| Process | Sprint Review | Sprint Planning |
|---------|---------------|-----------------|
| Prototyping | stakeholder feedback and/or explanation of how the prototype changed since PM3 | initial prototype of your system based on your project goal |
| Scrum  | submit notes for all teammates from _at least weekly_ scrum meetings | list of prioritized tasks for PM5 |
| Kanban | An updated Kanban board with completed PM4 tasks | Backlog with prioritized tasks to complete for PM5 |
| XP     | calculate [project velocity](http://www.extremeprogramming.org/rules/velocity.html) (i.e., total function points per milestone) of the PM4 tasks | planning poker and project velocity estimation for PM5 |
| Spiral | review of encountered and mitigated risks from PM4 | identify PM5 objectives, anticipated risks, and how you plan to mitigate them |
| Waterfall | N/A | create a test plan outlining unit test cases based on the requirements and design |

* If your process is not listed below, please contact Dr. Brown for an equivalent submission.


**Due:** November 14 at 11:59pm
- [ ] Implementation (GitHub repository with code)
- [ ] Black box test plan
- [ ] Project Deliverable IV
